Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you very much for coming. Thank you for participating.
Thank you. Thank you. I thank you very much. You are welcome.
Before I give the empowerment, of course you all know I am going to offer the empowerment of the d
orje sambal or the Vajrasattva.
Sadon, before that I will give the Briman and Todosan, which is part of the ceremony, so I will
please look.
Now, again, always in the teaching measures and always those great marks of the measures,
auto-releasing, empowerment, or starting, meditating, whatever we do, Dharma activities always to
increase and activate our motivation.
Again, beautiful motivation of the joy in the appreciations and thankful, grateful.
All those are the basic foundation of Dharma and not just the foundation, but those are the really
central columns of Dharma.
Every day every more joy in the appreciation, more grateful. More grateful to our circumstances and
the situation of the sorrow we are.
It is really Dharma. It is. It is foundation, not just only basic or those are basic things.
This is the basic, this is the principle of our practices. All what are the teachings are best on
those.
This beautiful motivation, joy in the appreciation, being grateful, grateful, that is so important.
We talk it with that and bodhicap. Again, of course we all know, we all know too and we heard so
many times how much we are activating that bodhicap.
And particularly during the practice and meditation, we can activate both each other, then all our
practices really will become so perfect and beautiful.
And we think again this today we are going to visit the involvement, connect with the Buddha Veda S
ato in order to benefit all living beings.
Sincerely thinking to all that, benefit means what? Remove their suffering, the difficulty of
troubles.
Not just of the movement suffering, difficult troubles, but cause of suffering, cause of troubles,
difficulties.
Those are negative emotions, negative emotions. We these Veda Sato practices, Veda Sato regime
involvement,
made that become one of the instrumentals to play away all the troubles, the difficulties of the
sentient beings and as well as this world.
There are so many troubles happening around the world, man-made troubles, those are most of the
best of the negative emotions.
Not just the most, I shouldn't say that, all is best of the negative emotions. Really, that
negative emotion is where it started.
According to we all know, it started from the mind. That mind is emptiness, that's what we learn.
There's no substantial solid core, existing of the mind.
So the negative emotion is the illusion, but there are so disturbances through this illusion world.
And therefore we activated joy and appreciation, being great folks.
It's good for us, for ourselves, good for other beings, to families and friends, to everyone.
This is where we are teaching, in a sense, we are teaching.
And therefore, again, activated of the purity nature of the way this all phenomena exists, all
these subject and objects.
According to teaching, it's already enlightened. Everything is enlightened.
Nothing to add, nothing to remove is all added.
Subject is enlightened, object is enlightened already, and that is what the teaching mentioned.
And why we don't see? Because of due to dualities. All those are known as obscurations.
That obscurations are not created by someone else and overloaded to us.
It is one's own creations, one's own troubles.
So therefore, to activate those, we are touching purity, quality of the nature, we are touching to
the core of the true nature, where nature is.
All the Buddhas and Vedas are those who see everything in purity status.
We are going to really move to that status, to kind of be part of that.
In the Buddha teaching, open mention, mention that we all enlighten the state, really enlighten in
reality level.
So therefore, kind of build up of confidence, courage, and commitment.
And kind of avoiding all the doubt and hesitation, intellectual attitude, particularly during this
involvement time.
Intellectuals and all those are so important on the money-related level.
When we receive the involvement, when we receive the practice, the meditation, we start lingering
with the intellectuals.
The doubt and hesitation, they are obstacles, is handed, is prevented, our guru, our realization.
And the same time is prevented to take the deep root in our heart of the practices.
They're not going to lead anything.
We've been having doubt and hesitation and skeptical thoughts for a long time, from the sense of
beginning time.
But that really, really brought in a big result to us.
Because this result means they didn't, they didn't bought us joy and peace, happiness, something
that we feel perfectly confident in.
Because of due to the ego activities of these all-skeptical hell and intellectual thoughts.
I'm not saying intellectual thoughts are bad, they are really in Buddhism.
Intellectual is very important to analyze all the gracious teacher Buddha, Gita, Chiki, study and
contemplation.
Study and contemplation is part of the intellectual.
But there is a time to be intellectual, but there is time to be observing that to the heart and to
grow and develop that.
We start thinking all the time, intellectual is hovering on the brains.
It's not just thinking to the heart.
It's then just become the essence. Because a person, even with so many teachings, so many downloads
, even you know it's not.
It's just only in the teaching, say that something, somebody knows it, something kind of like about
the treasures of the rich person.
But that don't help to our knowing the pressure or richness of the rich person.
That won't help us to feel our need.
Our need is to practice, to observe the teaching to the heart.
That is what is important.
So therefore, with all those visual motivations, and then we go to the introduction.
The introduction is again, I told a little bit about the Vedya Sattva.
Of course, you all know, today we are receiving the involvement of the Vedya Sattva.
So I told Vedya Sattva, a little bit about the Vedya Sattva.
And then I heard this teaching come from.
Again, even though we all know where this teaching comes from.
But this is a part of the lineage teaching.
We will always be grateful to those all lineage masters.
Teachers who bought this teaching until now, who kept that teaching so that we can connect it.
Therefore, how this teaching came.
And then, here is the meaning of the empowerment.
Meaning of the empowerment.
And so those are two subdivisions.
And I now go with the first is the Vedya Sattva.
Vedya Sattva is of course the teaching of the greatest teacher, Buddha Kshatri Muni.
Buddha Kshatri Muni appeared in many different forms.
And he gave the different teachings of the inner tender teachings or the outer tender teachings.
So this time, this Vedya Sattva teaching is given by the Buddha Kshatri Muni.
Buddha Kshatri Muni, in the form of the Buddha Vedya Sattva, gave the teachings.
So now, who is Buddha Vedya Sattva?
Buddha Vedya Sattva, a college teaching is one to be enlightened.
Once upon a time, Buddha Vedya Sattva is also as regular persons.
But because of the courage and commitment and presuming to practice meditation.
And then, Buddha Vedya Sattva become as known as Vedya Sattva.
Particularly, Vedya Sattva is so powerful and so powerful and direct to remove the obscurities,
the negativities of the sentient beings.
Because that was his commitment in the teaching management.
During the process of his enlightenment,
he particularly specialized to remove the obscurities,
the negativities of the sentient beings,
to remove and to bring a clear understanding of the nature as it is.
So that is really Vedya Sattva.
And Vedya Sattva is a very special Buddha.
Actually, also in the teaching of the optimal management,
Vedya Sattva is the embodiment of all Buddhas.
In the embodiment of all five Dayana Buddhas.
If we spread out Vedya Sattva, then one thousand Buddhas.
And one hundred Buddhas.
And one hundred Buddhas then come to the one twenty-five Buddhas.
And the twenty-five Buddhas come to the five Buddhas, five Buddhas family.
Five Buddhas family come to the one central street as Vedya Sattva.
Often mentioned, Vedya Sattva is who embodies all Buddhas families.
And now what we will be thinking, what really that means?
What that means? How that comes?
According to the teaching, the Buddha Vedya Sattva,
generally the nature of the Buddhas wisdom, or our nature too.
But Buddha's wisdom has all the five qualities.
And five wisdom, five qualities.
These five qualities of the wisdom appeared as five Dayana Buddhas.
Those are, many of you will know, five Dayana Buddhas.
And those are the Verojanas, Amitavas, Vedya Sattvas,
and some of us, and Amogas. Those are the five wisdom appeared in the form of five Dayana Buddhas.
And now the Vedya Sattva is Vedya family.
It's a covenant teaching, it's a heart of the Buddhas, Vedya family.
It represents heart.
And each of those five Buddha family also has five.
Each of those Buddha families for example,
for example, Vedya Sattva is the like of the Verojana Buddhas.
Verojana Buddhas has all the five Verojanas.
Five Verojanas are Darmadatta Verojanas, discrimination everness of Verojanas.
Then Verojanas, equanimity of Verojanas, all accomplishing Verojanas.
These one wisdom has encompassed all five.
That each of those has also five.
Each of those has five.
These numbers are displays of the enlightenment.
Enlightenment activity has no border, no restrictions, nor any times or time and space restrictions
.
It's pervasive.
Therefore, there is so many enlightenings too.
It's all emanated.
And why is it emanated?
According to the teaching, what is the benefit for all living beings?
According to their needs.
How many sentient beings here? In the according to the teaching, there are no numbers.
How many beings? No numbers. Numberless.
As far as space goes, that power of sentient beings or the beings are existing.
As long as the beings are existing that much, everyone has negative emotions.
They have obscurations.
They struggle.
As soon as we have the negative emotions, we are not scared.
Everyone deep down has feelings.
They like to be scared, happy, in joy, in all that.
The reality level is emotions.
It's the grasp or the bosom.
It's not making stable eyes.
It's struggle.
If there is any benefit for all those beings, then Buddha emanated so many emanations.
So many already benefited beings.
But the reality level, all these beings have the same nature as Buddha.
Whether it's thought of us or Buddha Shakyamuni.
That means we all have the same nature.
Same nature, there is no difference according to the teaching.
We all have the same nature.
But yet, our nature of that glowing wisdom, enlightenment,
is covered by the obscurations, dualities, that which is created by one's own self.
And then we struggle all the time.
Deep down we want happy in the joy.
But yet, in a way, we are already spoiling.
Because due to the duality of the ignorance, we don't exactly have to do that.
So that's how many Buddhas emanate.
And Buddha is a very many different forms.
Dharma Gaya Buddha, Sambo Gaya Buddha, and Dharma Gaya Buddha,
and the numerous emanations.
Also, I call it teaching, all that. In the Dharma Gaya level,
Buddha Vaidya Sattva is no different than the Buddha Vaidya Sattva.
Sorry, Buddha Samadva.
You call it Buddha Samadva and Buddha Vaidya Sattva are the same.
In the Dharma Gaya level.
Dharma Gaya Buddha, yeah, that's it.
In the Sambo Gaya level, then Buddha Vaidya Sattva.
All Buddha Vaidya Dharas.
And the Buddha Vaidya Dharas is often also referred as Dharma Gaya Buddhas.
According to the Yuma teachings on the school, or Yuma teachings,
they divided the Dharma Gaya into three.
Dharma Gaya of the Dharma Gaya, Dharma Gaya of the Sambo Gaya,
and Dharma Gaya of the Nama Gaya.
In that way, Buddhism.
Dharma Gaya of the Dharma Gaya Buddha is Buddha Samadha Buddhas.
Dharma Gaya of the Sambo Gaya Buddha is Buddha Vaidya Dharas.
And Dharma Gaya of the Nama Gaya Buddha is Buddha Vaidya Sattva.
So, it is Dharma Gaya Buddha and Sambo Gaya Buddha.
And then the Vaidya Sattva is appeared also in the Sambo Gaya of the Nama Gaya Buddhas.
Buddha of the Murali Muslims often in the East.
It's directly, we count as directions.
And so that is Sambo Gaya Buddha.
In this case, Nama Gaya Buddhas are emulated and Vaidya Sattva is emulated.
There are so many emanations of Vaidya Sattva.
And those are such as.
Vaidya Pani is known as the Vaidya.
Even though Vaidya Pani is totally in like wings,
but he actually acts as the Murali Sattva or as the Buddha in the outer temples.
Vaidya Pani is also known as the outer temples.
Vaidya Vida Dharas is also known as the outer temples.
More than 600 years ago,
he gave variety of teachings as we heard and we know.
There are all those teachings that mostly exist.
Also, the teachings are known as dance.
All the teachings of the three Bhaskar teachings.
Vinaya teaching, Sattva teaching, Abhidharma teaching, as we all know.
Those teachings are divided into the yana level, the weaker level.
The weaker level means the education level.
Those are known as three yanas or nine yanas.
It depends on the different categories.
There is a number of them, but nine yanas are both teachings.
Buddha gave the teachings of these, according to the weaker yana level.
Then, the Buddha gave the teachings on the Vaidya Sattva, Sattva, in the Vedas.
Mahayoga, Anu-Yoga, and as well as Atayoga teaching.
There are a lot of teachings about that.
As well as the Buddha, Vaidya Sattva, Vaidya Sattva teaching,
outer temples, such as the Gurya temples, upper temples, lower temples,
there are many emanations of the Vaidya Sattva.
This is the Vaidya Sattva.
This is the great Vaidya Sattva
and the great Buddha.
Buddha means full of love, full of kindness, full of compassion, full of wisdom.
That embodiment of Vaidya in the form of the Vaidya Sattva,
particularly to purify the negativities, obscurations, samayas broken,
and vows broken, and the commitment to brokenness.
We feel we are falling apart and don't know the earth.
I can't explain that up from the ground, the principle, our followers.
Really, we have many times to feel those things.
Vaidya Vaidya Sattva is the most powerful practice to clear the way,
to purify all the obscurations, the negativities, misdeeds.
Those misdeeds in the teaching often say happen sometimes with intentionally,
sometimes with unintentionally, sometimes not knowingly,
sometimes they happen due to the power of the negative emotions in heaven.
But when it happens, the negative is negative.
Whichever way happens, it affects us, it affects others.
To clear away that obscurations, particularly kind of standing,
those contamination qualities,
clear away that and at the same time it will not become contaminated
and obscured long rooms for our practice in meditation.
Therefore, Vaidya Sattva practices so far for that reason,
the gracious teacher, Vaidya Sattva,
will give those all teachings so many times, again and again.
So Vaidya gives teaching.
And then this teaching, of course, came to Tibet
in the time of the Gurup and Masamu,
and the great Master Shandar Rakita,
and Kain Satsang Devini, as we all know.
At that time, the whole body of the teaching is born to Tibet.
Born to Tibet.
That means that on the spiritual level,
or in the book or text level,
the whole body of the teaching is born,
but not just on the text and the books,
that they practiced meditating.
They got the realizations within that lifetime.
They witnessed by the power of meditation,
the practice of dharma, which came in a way newly in Tibet.
They are so intelligent.
Their devotion, their courage, their commitment.
They are eager to learn, to practice,
and follow the exact instructions of great Master Shandar Rakita,
Vaidya Sattva, Masamu and Shandar Rakita.
In other words, in Master Shandar Rakita,
really they practice, they actualize.
Relation to boom, one after another.
Master Shandar Rakita, one after another. 25 decibels.
That all happened in that time.
That century, it's not that throughout the century.
And not just that.
More than that.
In the Mahasadat and the Yerba regions.
And as well as the 35 kapas,
lay practices of the Yandong regions.
Those are listed.
Really, all of that.
So Tibet, mountain and valleys and land are filled with dharma,
the teachings, the scripture in book poems,
as well as a realization poem.
That is in Buddha teaching.
Buddha teaching is true.
Spiritual and the realization.
Spiritual, we expect, we study and contemplate.
That is scripture level.
But when you study and contemplate,
the result is the practice. That is the meditation practice.
But that true, uphill, upward teaching of the Buddha,
which is best absolutely on love, kindness, compassion,
nonviolence, respect and appreciation,
to all living with, without any discrimination.
That we know.
Although, it is something truly connected with our heart.
Truly a treasure of our heart.
We all love our kingdom,
whether we have the belief or not belief.
We love, everyone loves peace.
Everyone loves happy.
Every love you come.
Triculated.
Appreciation grateful.
Everyone loves.
That is dharma.
Dharma is really teaching that.
Whether we have the practice, we can be able to keep that out or not.
That is different.
The true nature of dharma, that's it.
And so, it becomes so, so established and saturated in heart and mind.
All the great practices in that thing.
And the Gurbi Masambhava particularly gives so many teachings,
of the very inner teachings, the inner thought of teachings.
And also, those teachings are there.
The continuity, as I mentioned.
You all know.
And these three lineages in the Nyingma particularly.
Gama and dharma, and pure visual lineage.
Those three lineages are gama, and dharma, and visual lineage.
Each of those has three principal lineage of the Nyingma schools, what they call.
Mind-to-mind transmission lineage,
and Samoanic transmission lineage,
and oral transmission lineage.
Those all contains, these three lineages,
contain within the lineage of the Gama,
within the lineage of dharma,
within the lineage of the pure visual lineage.
And among that lineage teaching,
particularly this teaching, is dharma teachings.
Dharma teaching is then, again, so many great thetans came.
Those are the emanations of those 25 disciples,
as well as the 80 masters of the Yeba region,
and 35 of the makwas of the Yandong area regions.
And so, there's so many those.
So many, those are great masters.
As earlier, we were providing work in Sambama,
and then they emanated so many thetans,
so many masters, scholars.
And so many also really who benefit all the other beings,
and it may be not necessarily in the form of the teacher
and all that, but benefit and help and support.
So many problems came.
Among that, this is, this teaching is then,
teaching is discovered by great thetans,
known as Thaksa Numba, many of you know, many of you heard,
know the language of Thaksa Numba.
And Thaksa Numba is a renowned reincarnation
of the Sanghi Yishi.
Nubchi Sanghi Yishi Rambochis, say.
Nubchi Sanghi Rambochis.
Nubchi Sanghi Yishi is the one of the 25 disciples
of the Murpema Sambama,
and Shandarachida, and Mamaramatara,
but also, he was also known as nine heart-like students
of the Murpema Sambama, nine.
The Murpema Sambama first time,
when he gave the empowerment on the Sami Mokin in the cave,
according to the teaching,
he gave the empowerment of the head hirukas
in the Sami Chibu cave for nine students.
Among that, Sanghi Yishi Rambochis,
one of them, that student,
and that included for the Yishinshoja,
as well as the Kinkesom District,
so called the nine students.
So Sanghi Yishi was one of the nine students,
heart-like students,
also sometimes called nine vide daras of Tibet.
At vide dara of the Indian,
nine at vide daras of the Tibet.
They are called Harula.
Sanghi Yishi is the vide dara of the Tibetan,
a whole nine heart-like student of the Murpema Sambama.
And Sanghi Yishi is not just only that,
but he was one of the principal,
lineage hall of the Nyingma Kama teachings.
Kama teachings.
And they were also the founder of the Anu-Yova teachings,
three Anathandhar teachings,
Maha-Yova, Anu-Yova, Akhi-Yova teachings,
and Anu-Yova teachings, who both fit with.
Of course, the Murpema Sambama and the Shandari Devi,
but specifically Anu-Yova and her,
all body of Anu-Yova and her,
he, Sanghi Yishi, wanted to be.
Sanghi Yishi was very courageous also,
courageous, determination, and courage.
Around '87, when he was young,
he always had a willing and a wish to go Indian,
India and other countries.
So, because of his courage and commitment that told,
then he went to India and,
or Oriana,
and now modern times they even called Hunza.
Hunza, I think it's in Pakistan, now Hunza.
Those areas, you know,
all targeted seven times and some crystals.
He really went.
But during that time,
he received so many great teachings from all the Buddha teachings,
particularly the Anu-Yova teachings,
and it is a tantra that he brought back to Tibet.
So, the Anu,
so among the three inner tantra,
the Anu-Yova tantra is really established or brought by,
back to Tibet by Sanghi Yishi.
And Sanghi Yishi was then also, as I said,
this very powerful, important lineage holder of Tibet,
of the lineage holder of the Kama teachings.
Kama teachings.
So, he emanated so many tantra,
one after another, many great tantra,
one after another,
and the Thasunu Baba, one of the renowned tantra emanation
and the tantra of the Sanghi Yishi.
And Sanghi, his emanation also in the teachings,
said that, such as the great master Mohan Mukher,
the great scholar,
he was also emanation of the Sanghi Yishis.
When Guru Pemma Sambabgid,
at the Mahatma Haruka teachings,
Sanghi Yishi's empowerment,
or when he threw the flowers to the mandala,
which is connected,
which is to identify which is,
because they are connected, it is.
And the Sanghi Yishi,
and the plover, held down on the mandala
of the southern direction.
And that is the mandala of the Yamitatas.
So Yamitata is his personal,
Manjukiri has become his personal deity practices,
and he actualized realization through Yamitata practice.
So therefore, Sanghi Yishi is renowned
as very famous yogi, or the master,
Vidyadhara of the Yamitaka practices,
among the head head of the practice.
And now these master emanated,
so many as he said already,
and the Thakshama Mohan was,
came around, I think 16, end of 16.